Hi! Welcome to Assyrian Academy, a site designed to help you learn the Modern Assyrian language.

The Modern Assyrian language is a dialect of Neo-Aramaic spoken by ethnic Assyrians, who are originally from their
homeland in Northern Mesopotamia (Iraq, Eastern Syria, Western Iran, and Southern Turkey), but have spread across
the world in diaspora over the past century, largely due to genocide and persecution. I am one of these Assyrians,
and having been born and growing up in dispora has shown me the way displacement can hurt the ability of a community
to maintain their culture and heritage, but also the resources and opportunities available to the community in its
new home countries to preserve its identity. Many Assyrians in America are phasing out their usage of Assyrian,
especially younger generations. I myself did not speak it much beyond childhood, and it was only over the past several
years I have studied it thoroughly. I am very grateful that I have had the opportunity to take this class and
begin developing a resource for Assyrian learning. This project is the start of a website that I hope can spread knowledge
of the Assyrian language and history to anyone with an interest in it.

To access the site, execute:
    cd ~ (to make sure you are in the home directory)
    cd implementation
    flask run

Then click the link generated by Flask in the console, and click "open".

You will be brought to the homepage, which has the Assyrian Academy logo and title on a navbar at the top
of the screen. You can click this logo/title at any time to return to the homepage. A quick note on the logo:
I created the logo of this site as a winged bull because the winged bull (known as "lamassu" in ancient Asssyria)
was a symbol for a protective spirit, and I hope this site (after much more development, of course) can help protect
the Assyrian language which is endangered, but carries with it a rich heritage.

Click the "Start Learning" button to open the lessons page. Currently there is only one lesson, so, click the "Lesson 1"
button. You can click the "Return to Lesson List" button to return to the lesson list, and click "Lesson 1" again to reenter
the lesson. Then, you can click "Quiz 1" to generate a quiz.

You can press the "Exit Quiz" button at any time to return to Lesson 1, but the quiz will not save your progress. The current
question number is shown below the quiz header, and your score is shown to the right of the question number (you get a point
each time you answer a question correctly).

Below "Question 1" is the question prompt: if you are presented with an Assyrian word, translate it to English, and vice versa.
Below the prompt is your answer box (where it says "Your Answer:): you can type your answer here and click the "Check Answer"
button to see if you answered correctly.

You will most likely need to type in Assyrian, so you can either enable the Syriac script on your computer (it is available on
Windows computers in Settings/Language/Preferred Language/Add a language, and is called "Syriac") or click the "Toggle Assyrian Keyboard"
button to reveal a keyboard with all Assyrian consonants and vowels, which will be typed into the "Your Answer:" text box when you click them.

When you press "Check Answer", if you got the question right, the screen will say "Correct!" and "Next Question", and if you did not, it will say
"Incorrect!", tell you the correct answer, and show the "Next Question" button. If you got the answer right, your score will be incremented by 1.

If you press "Next Question", it will show a new question, and you can type your answer for this and submit it the same way you did for the first
question.

Once you get to the end of the quiz (the quizzes are randomly generated from a ~50 word dictionary and are between 5-10 questions long each time),
you will see a "Finish Quiz" button. When you click it, you will see your results (your percentage score). Then, you can either press "Take Quiz Again"
to restart the quiz with new questions or you can press "Return to Lesson" to go back to Lesson 1. Remember that you can go to the homepage at any
point by clicking the logo and title that says "Assyrian Academy" in the upper-left-hand corner of the screen.

I know testing the quiz will be a matter of trial and error if you cannot read Assyrian, but if you enjoyed this project, I will be creating a website
soon that expands on it and produces videos and level-based quizzes (from beginner to expert) to teach Assyrian. I hope to release it in a few months, so
let me know if you are interested and I can send you more information as the site develops!

This was Assyrian Academy, and I hope you enjoyed!

Here is my video presentation link: https://youtu.be/YGjtvM50U9g